The Attribute Telemed platform is a secure, Django-based telemedicine solution
designed to enhance healthcare delivery through real-time appointment scheduling,
patient health risk prediction, and data management. The system integrates advanced
machine learning models, including Logistic Regression for health risk classification
and Random Forest for appointment prediction, alongside Explainable AI (XAI)
techniques to ensure model transparency and trustworthiness. By leveraging secure
data encryption methods such as SSS encryption, the platform ensures that sensitive
patient data is safeguarded while enabling efficient communication between patients
and healthcare providers. The primary objective of this project is to optimize
healthcare workflows by predicting patient appointment needs and assessing health
risks based on patient demographics and medical histories. Additionally, the system
processes text data from patient-provider communication to provide emotional
insights using sentiment analysis models. These predictions help healthcare providers
make informed decisions, streamline patient appointments, and provide personalized
care. A multimodal approach combines data from various sources, including patient
profiles, medical records, and communication logs, which significantly improves the
accuracy and reliability of the predictions. This system supports both real-time and
offline capabilities, ensuring scalability for diverse healthcare settings. The
integration of machine learning models with Django makes the platform suitable for
large-scale deployment, offering accessible and scalable solutions for remote patient
monitoring, appointment management, and healthcare personalization. The Attribute
Telemed platform represents a step forward in the use of AI in healthcare, offering
secure, efficient, and transparent solutions for improving patient care and provider
decision-making.

<img width="463" alt="Screenshot 2025-04-12 at 11 30 54 AM" src="https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/98f3c0a3-7ccc-4756-805d-9f81e8c66bf6" />

Modules:

<img width="445" alt="Screenshot 2025-04-12 at 11 31 34 AM" src="https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/2e03c869-5f8d-4241-9788-2ad927bb8bd3" />
